---
inFeed: true
hasPage: true
inNav: false
inLanguage: null
starred: false
keywords: []
description: Typing text here.
datePublished: '2016-04-05T22:40:14.569Z'
dateModified: '2016-04-05T22:40:08.370Z'
title: ''
author: []
sourcePath: _posts/2016-04-05-b1c682d6-c4e4-4875-bfc6-864f0468dd10.md
published: true
authors: []
publisher:
  name: null
  domain: null
  url: null
  favicon: null
url: b1c682d6-c4e4-4875-bfc6-864f0468dd10/index.html
_type: Article

---
Duncan Brattel has worked with a wide range of media. His foundation was art college in the UK where he studied art and design through a variety of traditional and digital media including photography, illustration and printing to interaction and interfaces. Studying in London he was exposed to the explosive growth in digital media culminating in an interactive installation that was nominated for the New Designers Award. Duncan's focus carried on in digital working for a range of production houses in London designing platforms and projects for many global companies. His current position is creative manager for digital design for a company specializing in 'media at scale' with clients across the United States.

While the digital industry focuses on time and flexibility, there is a certain lack of permanence that renewed his interest in the traditional fields of painting sculpture and landscaping. These more enduring projects feature here.

Being born in the seventies in England exposed Duncan to the decline of British manufacturing and large scale industry. Emigrating to the United States generated an interest in the industrial scale of the military, the might of the cold war effort and civil engineering. A great deal of time was spent mapping the Minuteman silos of Nebraska, Colorado and Wyoming for a photo shoot in 2009 which sparked an interest in working with concrete. 2010 provided an opportunity to see the B-1b fly at home in Abilene, Texas. While citing military engineering as an influence, the decline of manufacturing was also evident in the United States where a trip to Detroit reminded Duncan of his roots in the UK.

Visiting these installations and locations has helped sculpt a direction for Duncan's work with elements of military design, engineering, architecture, landscaping and iconography all playing a role in his projects.